README.md, before:

##Megan Quinn's Udacity Portfolio
This is a personal portfolio designed to show off projects completed for the Udacity Front-End nanodegree course, along with work done for the Grow With Google challenge. This file and links therein are a glimpse of my developing skills as a front-end web dev (and my woeful neglect of digital art skills).

##Viewing
This is intended as a webpage to be viewed on a range of devices, ideally between 350px-900px in width. To view from GitHub, download all files into a folder to your local storage and open from there in a browser to achieve viewing pleasure. Alternatively, you can view the file by adding http://htmlpreview.github.io/? (yes, with the question mark) before the full link of the index page (http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/medeaggd/uda-portfolio/blob/master/index.html in this instance). 

##License
Please adhere to the MIT license, in that you may utilize my code as long as you attribute the GitHub repository (https://github.com/medeaggd/uda-portfolio) in the materials used.

Commit message:

Corrections to follow Project Rubric
Went through and cleaned up all the code to make sure they follow the Project Rubric guidelines. Omitted step of renaming classes that used underscores instead of hypens, as it was considered optional.

README.md, after:

##Megan Quinn's Udacity Portfolio
This is a personal portfolio designed to show off projects completed for the Udacity Front-End nanodegree course, along with work done for the Grow With Google challenge. This file and links therein are a glimpse of my developing skills as a front-end web dev (and my woeful neglect of digital art skills).

##Viewing
This is intended as a webpage to be viewed on a range of devices, ideally between 350px-900px in width. To view from GitHub, download all files into a folder to your local storage and open from there in a browser to achieve viewing pleasure. Alternatively, you can view the file by adding http://htmlpreview.github.io/? (yes, with the question mark) before the full link of the index page (http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/medeaggd/uda-portfolio/blob/master/index.html in this instance).

##Gratitude
I'd like to give a shout out to Richard Schott for helping me troubleshoot and making sure to catch the things I might gloss over. I also received invaluable assistance from my Udacity mentor, Marcello. Sometimes it's the littlest things that help you get past a stumbling block.

##License
Please adhere to the MIT license, in that you may utilize my code as long as you attribute the GitHub repository (https://github.com/medeaggd/uda-portfolio) in the materials used.
